 In the chatrooms
Introduce yourself
Post your own solutions to projects and exercises
Share links to helpful articles and tutorials
Share your own blog posts (shoutout to Jamal Yusef for some great content)
Share your personal projects
Make people laugh
In the Q&A
Ask questions
Help answer other students’ questions
Share feedback on individual lessons, sections, and the course in general

Group Rules from the Admins
1
Be supportive.
Support your fellow developer. We're all here to learn.
2
Be polite.
General swearing is not considered impolite in this group, but swearing AT people or telling people they are stupid IS impolite. We're a community here, don't bring hostility into this group.
3
Don't post links without context.
If you're sharing a link, write the reason WHY you're sharing it. Posts that just share links without any additional context will be deleted immediately.
4
Share data, not opinions.
We are coders — we share data, not opinions. While your opinion is valued, it may not be the right solution for someone. Please keep this in mind.
5
Absolutely no affiliate links.
Sharing an affiliate link will get you kicked out of this group and most Udemy links will be removed immediately.
6
Careful with Udemy links.
This is NOT a group for sharing free Udemy courses. There are hundreds of other groups that will do that for you — this is not one of them. Reason: Most Udemy links look spammy.
7
Ask great questions!
Need help with something? Share your code (don't share images of code), which language you're writing and most importantly: be specific about your problem. Good questions get good answers.
8
Don't tell people to "Google" it.
Other coders are here for help and support. They probably tried to Google their answer already. Don't be that person that says "Google" it, that negates the purpose of this group.
9
Keep it coding-related.
Don't share write or share posts that aren't related to learning to coding. Unrelated posts will be immediately removed.
10
No shameless promotions.
Don't use this group to shameless promote your group, Udemy course, Facebook page, YouTube channel, WhatsApp groups, etc. You and your post may be removed from this group.


ust updated to include Bootstrap 4.1.3!

Hi! Welcome to the Web Developer Bootcamp, the only course you need to learn web development. There are a lot of options for online developer training, but this course is without a doubt the most comprehensive and effective on the market.  Here's why:

This is the only online course taught by a professional bootcamp instructor.

94% of my in-person bootcamp students go on to get full-time developer jobs. Most of them are complete beginners when I start working with them.

The previous 2 bootcamp programs that I taught cost $14,000 and $21,000.  This course is just as comprehensive but with brand new content for a fraction of the price.

Everything I cover is up-to-date and relevant to today's developer industry. No PHP or other dated technologies. This course does not cut any corners.

This is the only complete beginner full-stack developer course that covers NodeJS.

We build 13+ projects, including a gigantic production application called YelpCamp. No other course walks you through the creation of such a substantial application.

The course is constantly updated with new content, projects, and modules.  Think of it as a subscription to a never-ending supply of developer training.

You get to meet my dog Rusty!

When you're learning to program you often have to sacrifice learning the exciting and current technologies in favor of the "beginner friendly" classes.  With this course, you get the best of both worlds.  This is a course designed for the complete beginner, yet it covers some of the most exciting and relevant topics in the industry.

Throughout the course we cover tons of tools and technologies including:

HTML5

CSS3

JavaScript

Bootstrap 4

SemanticUI

DOM Manipulation

jQuery

Unix(Command Line) Commands

NodeJS

NPM

ExpressJS

REST

MongoDB

Database Associations

Authentication

PassportJS

Authorization

This course is also unique in the way that it is structured and presented. Many online courses are just a long series of "watch as I code" videos.  This course is different. I've incorporated everything I learned in my years of teaching to make this course not only more effective but more engaging. The course includes:

Lectures

Code-Alongs

Projects

Exercises

Research Assignments

Slides

Downloads

Readings

Too many pictures of my dog Rusty

If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact me.  I got into this industry because I love working with people and helping students learn.  Sign up today and see how fun, exciting, and rewarding web development can be!

What you’ll learn
Make REAL web applications using cutting-edge technologies
Continue to learn and grow as a developer, long after the course ends
Create a blog application from scratch using Express, MongoDB, and Semantic UI
Create a complicated yelp-like application from scratch
Write your own browser-based game
Create static HTML and CSS portfolio sites and landing pages
Think like a developer. Become an expert at Googling code questions!
Create complex HTML forms with validations
Write web apps with full authentication
Use Bootstrap to create good-looking responsive layouts
Implement responsive navbars on websites
Use JavaScript variables, conditionals, loops, functions, arrays, and objects
Write Javascript functions, and understand scope and higher order functions
Create full-stack web applications from scratch
Manipulate the DOM with vanilla JS
Manipulate the DOM using jQuery
Translate between jQuery and vanillas JS
Write JavaScript based browser games
Use NodeJS to write server-side JavaScript
Write complex web apps with multiple models and data associations
Write a REAL application using everything in the course
Use Express and MongoDB to create full-stack JS applications
Use common JS data structures like Arrays and Objects
Master the command line interface
Use NPM to install all sorts of useful packages
Understand the ins and outs of HTTP requests
Create your own Node modules
Make a beautiful, responsive photographer's portfolio page
Create a beautiful, responsive landing page for a startup
Implement user authentication
Create a beautiful animated todo list application
Are there any course requirements or prerequisites?
Have a computer with Internet
Be ready to learn an insane amount of awesome stuff
Prepare to build real web apps!
Brace yourself for stupid jokes about my dog Rusty
Who this course is for:
This course is for anyone who wants to learn about web development, regardless of previous experience
It's perfect for complete beginners with zero experience
It's also great for anyone who does have some experience in a few of the technologies(like HTML and CSS) but not all
If you want to take ONE COURSE to learn everything you need to know about web development, take this course